Update `useLazyQuery` with planned breaking changes (#12367)
apollographql/apollo-client: .changeset/twenty-snakes-sort.md

---
"@apollo/client": major
---

`useLazyQuery` will now only execute the query when the execute function is called. Previously `useLazyQuery` would behave like `useQuery` after the first call to the execute function which means changes to options might perform network requests.

> You can now safely rerender `useLazyQuery` with new options which will now take effect for the next query.

Author: ```suggestion
You can now safely rerender `useLazyQuery` with new options which will take effect the next time the query is run.
```

> You can now safely rerender `useLazyQuery` with new options which will take effect the next time the query is run.

Author: I wasn't quite sure how to word this to mean "this includes `refetch`, etc.". If you call `execute`, then rerender with new options, then call `refetch`, those new options will take effect on the `refetch`, not just the next time I call `execute`. Is there a term or phrase you can think of that encapsulates both calling the execute function as well as refetch/etc for this?

> You can now safely rerender `useLazyQuery` with new options which will take effect the next time the query is run.

Reviewer: "the next time you manually trigger a query"?
